\
Bugs and Improvements

1.the specialistSelectorWindow is bugged if there is no Specialist in the program.

2.the "Okay" button when choosing a photo is bugged

3.the slider for text size in the main window changes size when you use it

4.text to speech listeners need their own thread, the rest of the program is inaccessible while the audio is playing.

5.there is a null pointer exception if there are no pictures for any of the specialists

6.uploading a picture in add specialist gives a "picture too large" message

7.cannot escape login window without entering correct login credentials

8.there is no way to go back to viewing all dates in the report window after choosing a specific date, unless you reopen the window.

9.there is no way to go back to viewing all reasons in the report window after choosing a specific reason
 
  10.the main window should use setExtendedState(Frame.MAXIMIZED_BOTH) instead of its current size declaration
 
  11.if you create a specialist with empty text fields, you cannot submit requests to see that specialist, the submit button won't do anything 

  12.Text Fields are not Validated. User can enter whichever text they want and the program will accept it.
 
  13.Check database (might not be saving inputs after user logs out)
 
  14.There is no “Thank you” message displayed after the user click submit.
 
  15. Database connection bug? 
 
  16. the specialist selection window throws an exception if there is no image connected to the specialist. Is this a duplicate of 5?
 
  17. The font size on the Specialist selection window is small for the page.
 
  18. the edit button on the if there is no image throws an exception.
 
  19. the specialist page should come up before the main window is opened.
 
  20. if there is no Specialist still allows you into the specialist selection window.
 
  21. need a button to turn off and on the auto text to speech.
 
  22. cannot exit login window without logging in.
 
  23. there is a redundant close button.
 
  24. speech button for admin, close, and submit are redundant.
 
  25. submit button should be below the text area for easier access.
 
  26. there is no all choose in the drop downs in the report window.
 
  27. Speech button overlap each other when multiple speech text are clicked.



Visual-(Henrique, Viet, Catherine, Hannah, Brendan s., Gena)
-the specialistSelectorWindow is bugged if there is no Specialist in the program. (?)
-the "Okay" button when choosing a photo is bugged (?)
-the slider for text size in the main window changes size when you use it. (Henrique)
-cannot escape login window without entering correct login credentials - (Viet) (FIXED)
-there is no way to go back to viewing all dates in the report window after choosing a specific date, unless you reopen the window.
-there is no way to go back to viewing all reasons in the report window after choosing a specific reason
-the main window should use setExtendedState(Frame.MAXIMIZED_BOTH) instead of its current size declaration. (Hannah)
-if you create a specialist with empty text fields, you cannot submit requests to see that specialist, the submit button won't do anything. (Catherine)
-The font size on the Specialist selection window is small for the page. (Henrique)
-the edit button on the if there is no image throws an exception. 
-the specialist page should come up before the main window is opened. - (Viet) (FIXED) 
-if there is no Specialist still allows you into the specialist selection window. (FIXED)
-need a button to turn off and on the auto text to speech. (Already implemented)
-cannot exit login window without logging in. - (Viet) (FIXED)
-there is a redundant close button.(?)
-speech button for admin, close, and submit are redundant. (?)
-submit button should be below the text area for easier access. (Catherine)
-there is no all choose in the drop downs in the report window. (Catherine)
-Speech button overlap each other when multiple speech text are clicked. (Viet)
-Text Fields are not Validated, espcially email and phone-number. User can enter whichever text they want and the program will accept it. (Hannah) (FIXED)

Backend-(Brendan C., Sean, Parth, John, Tom, Maria)
-Database connection bug?
-text to speech listeners need their own thread, the rest of the program is inaccessible while the audio is playing.
-there is a null pointer exception if there are no pictures for any of the specialists
-uploading a picture in add specialist gives a "picture too large" message
-Check database (might not be saving inputs after user logs out)
-There is no “Thank you” message displayed after the user click submit. (fix)
-After starting the program, if user login as administrator once by clicking on the administrator button, later if they return to the kiosk screen and click on administrator, the previous login session is not logout. Also, if user is asked for login, pressing cancel will return to Kiosk screen, but later press admin, user will be able to view the admin menus.
-When editing a specialist's first and last name, the change won't reflect on the list immediately, will need to close then reopen the add/delete specialist window to see the change.
