{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh13400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Disability Kiosk Manual\
Version 1.0\
By Class of CS225\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
0. DATABASE\
The Disability Kiosk program requires a MySQL database to connect to. You will need to set up a server and credentials to connect to it. This can either be done on the local system or a remote server. To initialize the database, pass the following command to the program\'92s jar file: initalizeDatabase. Sample command line would be the following:\
java -jar Kiosk.jar initalizeDatabase\
Use this command with caution. It will erase any existing information in the database so it is recommended to back it up first. If you are connecting to a remote server that was already set up, you do not need to use this command.\
1. SETUP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 	When the Disability Kiosk program is run for the first there are a few things that you need to do:\
	- Create the first Administrator.\
		When the program is first run it will come up with a Window that will prompt you to create a Username and 	Password. \
	-  Setup the SPECIALIST.\
		After creating an ADMINISTRATOR, the next page will let you setup the SPECIALIST that the visitors may 	choose from. To do this, enter the relevant fields and press the \'93ADD\'94 button at the bottom of the page. The new 	SPECIALIST will be added to the text field on the left.\
\
	-    After setup, the ADMINISTRATOR can ADD or EDIT extra ADMINISTRATORS and SPECIALISTS by pressing 	the \'93REPORT\'94 button in the lower right of the main Window. Continue by pressing the ADD/DELETE			ADMINISTRATOR or ADD/DELETE SPECIAL buttons on the bottom of this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc
\cf0 2. MAIN WINDOW\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 	-   The program has Text-to-speech (TTS) capabilities. When the microphone image to the left of the text fields is 	pressed, it voices clear instructions as to what the box indicates.\
	-   The text boxes also use TTS technology. When a text box is clicked on it will indicate what should be written into 	the box.\
	-   Please refrain from pressing the boxes and/or microphone images too many times within a short time span. This 	freezes the program, and you will lose any data entered.\
	-   There is an option to RESIZE the text in the main window. This option is a slide panel in the top right of the 		window. RESIZE as needed.\
	-   The main window is not meant to be closed by anyone but an administrator. The [x] on the top of your browser 	will not work to EXIT the window. Instead you must navigate to the \'93CLOSE\'94 button on the bottom of the page. 		Press this button, and you will be led to a window asking if you would like to CLOSE, RE-LAUNCH the kiosk, or 	VIEW REPORT. To CLOSE, simply enter your credentials and press the CLOSE button.\
	-   To view a REPORT of all visits, follow the instructions above, and instead of pressing \'93CLOSE\'94 after entering 	your credentials, press  the \'93VIEW REPORT\'94 button. This will show a comprehensive list of people who have 		submitted with the kiosk. Change to the DATE you are looking for by using the scroll down menu.\
	 	NOTE: Users who submit inquires will stay within the search database, and are not able to be removed by 			administrators at this time. \
	-  To ADD OR DELETE a SPECIALIST navigate to the same REPORT window that is described directly above. 	Simply follow click ADD or REMOVE as you needed.\
	-  To ADD OR DELETE an ADMINISTRATOR follow the same directions as above.\
	-   When ADDING SPECIALIST PICTURE (option within ADD SPECIALIST) make sure that image is no larger than 	250x250 or else you will have an error.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qr
\cf0  - When ADDING SPECIALIST PICTURE (option within ADD SPECIALIST) make sure that the file path contains '.png'or '.jpg'. In other words, make sure it is a hidden file extension.		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
}